okay what are you painting don't eat the
same meet downstairs
oh I'm drawing the hands get back you're
done
Wow good job Akeem oh
hmm a house
stay
Oh
Missoni look at the target don't go
don't go :
many crazy touchy-touchy same way quit
on it yes I asked re directory no can i
mommy daddy Wanna Be mother - can you
meet me
Nick meet you do when you know we have
to make choice for the show no GJ meet
you - a kiss oxidize open up tomorrow
hello can you could I laughs so near the
monastic not at all no don't give it to
me and when I make you to come eat all
meat potato gnocchi guess I didn't it
which dr. Rosen thank you my jobs on not
like to political cable
dah I mean that they all chuckle ah hmm
you need your change negotiate a more
optimal cut cut down
give me the Kong light on let me get
that done it's Chuck and daddy talkin
you don't know
no more danger Oh Donatello mommy macaca
ah maybe wocka chocka mommy not much of
a bunny
no talk to cook it again
Amanda on your side your mind more than
that oh my son the hot oil a iPad camera
hmm I protected you not tell them
oh come on mama
I myself I neither so calm we're gonna
cut the power
Papa on an enemy uh tonight you know me
pop I do
Danine Chaka Khan I know that you guys
you know it is not another intern I know
you need no coyotes at university or ha
ha
only 90 mm anyway octoly
do you know mm Tomodachi by not enough
oh can i saw and the hero
oh you're not gonna cry
quick gene will pay back Oh somebody
find nothing man yeah did you make a
macro yeah I get down all
and learn ikkaku to do any mean Lebanon
I've ever come on Johnny
what does it hmm just a Capuchin on mom
you mean like a what you when you're
looking for
let's get a couple dollars in it for you
okay
what is I
I'll walk down left a mess
let me put it a stir let me still up
right Nikki mushy